README.md, before:

Bomberman
========
By Vinayak Bansal, Jarred Linthorne, Sean Byron & Chris Siewecke

1. Starting up the game
-------------
###1.1 Server
To start up the server, call its main method with the following arguments:
* Mode - 0 starts the server in test mode, 1 starts the server in normal (game) mode
* Port - Port to listed for clients on
NOTE: In order to run multiple games on the same client, simply list more than one port number argument, one for each game.

###1.2 Client
To start up a client, call its main method with the following arguments:
* Server IP - IP address of the server
* Port - The port the server is listening on

Once the client is running, type you name on the command line and press enter. The GUI will open.

2. Playing the game
-------------
* Once a server is started, and one or more clients are connected, type 'S' to start the game.
* To move around the board, use the arrow keys
* To drop a bomb, press the 'B' key
* To leave the game, press the 'L' key

3. Test framework
-------------
There are two ways of running tests:

##3.1 Test Driver
The TestDriver starts up a server instance, and one or two clients, and runs a series of commands. The TestDriver test cases are text files, which define which clients to create, and then a series of commands to run for each client. The TestDriver runs these commands, then checks the log file generated by the server to ensure that each player was added to the game, and that each command was successfully received and processed.

###3.1.1 Running test cases
To run a test case, call the main method of TestDriver (no arguments are needed). You'll be prompted to select a test case to run, or type 'all' to run all the tests. As the commands in the test case are executed, the TestDriver will print out to the console.

###3.1.2 Specifying a test case
A test case is a comma separated list of instructions for the TestDriver. There are two instructions:

* PLAYER,{player_name}- Creates a new client with the name player_name and starts the client
* COMMAND,{player_name},{operation} - Executes the giver operation (START_GAME, LEAVE_GAME, MOVE_UP, MOVE_DOWN, MOVE_LEFT, MOVE_RIGHT)
	
The TestDriver starts the server in test mode, meaning that the default board is loaded, the players are always added to the board in the same place (1,1 for player 1, 10,10 for player 2), and the door is always in the same place. Using these pre-conditions, and a test case made up of a series of commands, it is possible to test a variety of scenarios.

Save the text file in the tests folder, and the TestDriver will automatically pick it up.

###3.1.3 Test Cases
The following tests are provided:

* one_player_bomb.txt - Creates one player, and moves the player around dropping bombs.
* one_player_box_error.txt - Creates one player, and attempts to move into a square where there is a box.
* one_player_box - Creates one player, moves to a box, drops a bomb, and waits for it to explode. The box should disappear.
* one_player_move_to_door.txt - Creates one player (at 1,1) and moves right until the player reaches the door (at 1,4).
* one_player_wall_error.txt - Creates one player, the player moves around, then tries to move into a wall, then leaves. Examining the log from the server should show an error when the player tries to move into the wall
* two_players_test_bomb.txt - Creates two players, they move close to one another and one drops a bomb, killing the other player.
* two_player_test_touch.txt - Creates two players, one at (1,1) the other at (10,10). Player one moves down and player two moves left until they touch in the bottom left corner.
* two_players_test.txt - Creates two players, one at (1,1) the other at (10,10). Both players move around for a time, then leave the game.

##3.2 Unit Tests
The second testing method is Unit Tests. There is a suite of JUnit Tests that test all the major functionality.

* BombUnitTest.java - Basic test for bombs. Drops a bomb, then moves away testing that the player doesn't die. The drops a second bomb, but doesn't move the player, testing that they do die.
* BoxUnitTest.java - Tests the blowing up of boxes. The player moves to a box, drops a bomb, the test makes sure the bomb has been dropped, then waits for it to explode. It then makes sure the box is gone, and that the health power up has appeared.
* DoorUnitTest.java - Tests the finding of the door. The player moves to the door and the test makes sure the door has become visible.
* HealthUnitTest.java - Tests the picking up of the health power up. Moves the player to the location of the power up 
* MoveUnitTest.java - Tests the basic moving of the player around the board. Makes sure the player cannot walk through walls.
* PlayerDeadUnitTest.java - Adds one player, drops a bomb, and tests that the player cannot send commands after they are dead.
* BombDetonation.java - Tests that the bomb doesn't explode before it should have.
* TwoPlayersTouchUnitTest.java - Creates two players, and moves them to the same location. After touching they both should be dead.

Commit message:

Updated README to include the load testing for TestDriver

README.md, after:

Bomberman
========
By Vinayak Bansal, Jarred Linthorne, Sean Byron & Chris Siewecke

1. Starting up the game
-------------
###1.1 Server
To start up the server, call its main method with the following arguments:
* Mode - 0 starts the server in test mode, 1 starts the server in normal (game) mode
* Port - Port to listed for clients on
NOTE: In order to run multiple games on the same client, simply list more than one port number argument, one for each game.

###1.2 Client
To start up a client, call its main method with the following arguments:
* Server IP - IP address of the server
* Port - The port the server is listening on

Once the client is running, type you name on the command line and press enter. The GUI will open.

2. Playing the game
-------------
* Once a server is started, and one or more clients are connected, type 'S' to start the game.
* To move around the board, use the arrow keys
* To drop a bomb, press the 'B' key
* To leave the game, press the 'L' key

3. Test framework
-------------
There are two ways of running tests:

##3.1 Test Driver
The TestDriver has two modes: functional tests and load tests. 

###3.1.1 Functional Tests
Starts up a server instance, and one or two or four clients, and runs a series of commands. The TestDriver test cases are text files, which define which clients to create, and then a series of commands to run for each client. The TestDriver runs these commands, then checks the log file generated by the server to ensure that each player was added to the game, and that each command was successfully received and processed.

####3.1.1.1 Running test cases
To run a test case, call the main method of TestDriver (no arguments are needed). You'll be prompted to select a test case to run, or type 'all' to run all the tests. As the commands in the test case are executed, the TestDriver will print out to the console.

####3.1.1.2 Specifying a test case
A test case is a comma separated list of instructions for the TestDriver. There are two instructions:

* PLAYER,{player_name}- Creates a new client with the name player_name and starts the client
* COMMAND,{player_name},{operation} - Executes the giver operation (START_GAME, LEAVE_GAME, MOVE_UP, MOVE_DOWN, MOVE_LEFT, MOVE_RIGHT)
	
The TestDriver starts the server in test mode, meaning that the default board is loaded, the players are always added to the board in the same place (1,1 for player 1, 10,10 for player 2), and the door is always in the same place. Using these pre-conditions, and a test case made up of a series of commands, it is possible to test a variety of scenarios.

Save the text file in the tests folder, and the TestDriver will automatically pick it up.

####3.1.1.3 Test Cases
The following tests are provided:
*four_player_load_test.txt - Creates four players and moves them around the board.
* one_player_bomb.txt - Creates one player, and moves the player around dropping bombs.
* one_player_box_error.txt - Creates one player, and attempts to move into a square where there is a box.
* one_player_box - Creates one player, moves to a box, drops a bomb, and waits for it to explode. The box should disappear.
* one_player_move_to_door.txt - Creates one player (at 1,1) and moves right until the player reaches the door (at 1,4).
* one_player_wall_error.txt - Creates one player, the player moves around, then tries to move into a wall, then leaves. Examining the log from the server should show an error when the player tries to move into the wall
* two_players_test_bomb.txt - Creates two players, they move close to one another and one drops a bomb, killing the other player.
* two_player_test_touch.txt - Creates two players, one at (1,1) the other at (10,10). Player one moves down and player two moves left until they touch in the bottom left corner.
* two_players_test.txt - Creates two players, one at (1,1) the other at (10,10). Both players move around for a time, then leave the game.

###3.1.2 Load Tests
To run a load test, input the number of clients that you wish to run (0-4), then the amount of time in milliseconds between issuing commands, then the whether or not to start a server (n if you are running a remote client), then the port to communicate over, the IP address to connect to, then whether or not to autostart the game (if n, the game will need to be started manually by pressing enter).

##3.2 Unit Tests
The second testing method is Unit Tests. There is a suite of JUnit Tests that test all the major functionality.

* BombUnitTest.java - Basic test for bombs. Drops a bomb, then moves away testing that the player doesn't die. The drops a second bomb, but doesn't move the player, testing that they do die.
* BoxUnitTest.java - Tests the blowing up of boxes. The player moves to a box, drops a bomb, the test makes sure the bomb has been dropped, then waits for it to explode. It then makes sure the box is gone, and that the health power up has appeared.
* DoorUnitTest.java - Tests the finding of the door. The player moves to the door and the test makes sure the door has become visible.
* HealthUnitTest.java - Tests the picking up of the health power up. Moves the player to the location of the power up 
* MoveUnitTest.java - Tests the basic moving of the player around the board. Makes sure the player cannot walk through walls.
* PlayerDeadUnitTest.java - Adds one player, drops a bomb, and tests that the player cannot send commands after they are dead.
* BombDetonation.java - Tests that the bomb doesn't explode before it should have.
* TwoPlayersTouchUnitTest.java - Creates two players, and moves them to the same location. After touching they both should be dead.
